[Music]
hey get back to work
lay down Hardy I didn't get a chance to
walk her a bad dragon back your lair
[Music]
um dear brother our destiny yo it's okay
I'm coming I'm coming
I see you've brought sustenance for our
adventure no it's garbage for the
trashcan and you left the lid off get
out here
unicorns
oh yes boss it's that quest it's just a
really fast and strange errand it's
totally a quest
[Music]
and Amsterdam I dreamt I saw my mother
again same beautiful pale blue eyes when
I lost her I lost sight of any landmark
that might have led me someplace happier
[Music]
you're a boy are you the boy whose
mother was killed
[Music]
me
and y'all feel afraid sometimes
[Music]
you never know
what's going inside your future
[Music]
to lose something I should have been a
mortal
please tell me it isn't true
[Music]
how is Maggie she was good
how was Trevor iris Connors number Oh
glad that I got to do a little personal
maintenance first sure gotta run the
raccoons out of the trash cans Alice I
know ya mode that long yeah I've got a
hairy ass in vagina
I heard you so here you are getting
married
today's about Barb and Kyle Michael yeah
Dave and Julia is that your girlfriend
no that's just Alice she's my friend
from college thank his Army's ass off
she's not usually like this just gone
through a breakup
did you go help her um you know actually
like do this for all the weddings do
what I take you you take me when when
you're suggesting doubling down on
weddings be your wingman when tee it up
free with the ladies
[Applause]
I'll set you up so you can do your thing
you know what is happening here is you
getting pounded by a Jesus Christ
[Music]
so like what is this what's going on
with you two
what what about
[Music]
she's adorable and I see a lot of
potential there no it's not it's not
like that we're just we're just friends
[Music]
why is everybody so in luck and just so
sure they're not the truth is I just
didn't get it
if you spend your whole life looking for
perfect you wind up with nothing
you know like Kylie I love cuddling I
just don't want to cuddle like you
what about tickle scratch what is tickle
scratch we likes we scratch each other's
backs and I generally it's not weird
it's like what do you ever wonder why
you are still alive I don't know no idea
76 years old I've had three heart
attacks I've got eight stansson in my
heart I don't think people know how sick
he really is the last few years I made
four solo albums I'm going for five not
easy
big ego no brains I don't think it was a
good lover I think I was selfish I have
fallen in love with Christine all of a
sudden come on
there's just this empty answer this gone
you know it's like a rip in the fabric
friend of mine gave me a shot of heroin
just gray only the first time after that
you're just trying to catch it and you
never get back there that's the house
our house was written about right there
that's where crosby stills in there
saying her first song together he became
a fugitive from the law I got a ride to
the local FBI agency said you're looking
for me I'm save it Crosby this is the
first interview that we ever did my
father says it's money glory fan chicks
not a bit kids
the only thing case is what do you got
any friends what happened to your
friends all the guys that I made music
but won't even talk to me although you
say stuff and do stuff that's just awful
meet more than anybody else it's just
sad and I don't quite know how to undo
it you know
I'm touring because I love to say green
the hardest part is just leaving home I
don't like the way home I love my father
I have to say go honey have fun and I
might not never see him again
if I were to say no music but you get
extreme joy in your home life do you
make that trade no music no not
nutrition it's the only thing I got to
offer really this is really where I feel
alive
[Music]
[Applause]
times change you do what you gotta do
some kids most employers don't want
mothers it's a competitive market you
don't know me for money
you survived
now might be the time so what feel 24
months left on our sentences sorry baby
this is divers mom organized crime
we're gonna take care of you you girls
gonna be just for it we got no money
can't even make the rent with what they
gave him last night they didn't want me
in the family in the first place
forty years they pay protection we don't
get nothing for it they have been
telling us for effort that we are never
gonna do anything but have babies bunch
of men that they forgot and what family
means so we remind them no pretty mama
pretty doesn't matter it's just a tool
women use what anything we want what do
you want we're gonna have crews
everywhere can see you got brains
and I know you got money but we got one
thing that you don't criminals so you
can't go around looking for a bunch of
women the hood not smarter than
I was like you on the face of the earth
I don't want you
I want you to teach me how to it
just to be clear now we run this
neighborhood
step off my business baby it's my
business left they're gonna swallow this
entire city
you go to war there's no coming back
also Caretti wants to talk if we go to
Brooklyn we're dead
what are you where does something like
that get dressed up kitty
[Music]
my god I lost count again
vamanos researchers very common in an
articling
I knocked item and Stockman for the
attorneys of woodland comes out Connie
thanks mama courts below were fun about
that comedies missus my V that one
better
[Music]
it's not all girls involved running guns
away
[Music]
just respond not even finish the work
and Susan's done
cough cough I have sent it to him
but you feel
yeah
[Music]
with many China
yeah
vineya men are full of norm ax by
[Music]
charlatans
[Applause]
[Music]
pretty of engine she went that powerful
a purchase on a horizon who just look
him thank you the hesitation in your
voice zone to be an echo in the recesses
of the spheres of retail
the dress is your image come to what you
project through an illusion
just going on a date I don't normally
wear this kind of thing be bored your
date will complement you I would like
you to announce the numbers to your
telephone oh one six three two as
promised
different that looks nasty maybe just
the washing powder I hope he isn't
catchy how's it going shooter
everything's fine well I'm doing washing
machine went bananas
you who wear me will know me it's just a
cheap bit of mystery I think something's
wrong not that rest don't tell me you're
scared of a dress
the dog ripped it to pieces Spanish
banking humors
[Applause]
anything nice in the sales just a dress
what's this
you folks need to turn around pretty bad
accident up ahead anything we can do
your doctor or something or something
nice doll that's what you think day at
work the evil is contained how could you
not tell me you're babysitting for horns
tonight yeah we'll be back early
tomorrow morning laughing don't your
parents keep any creepy stuff around and
keep it all locked away in a room it's
not good for anyone to go in there my
dad says that everything in there is
either haunted cursed or he's done some
ritualistic practice what's that this
area they put coins all over the eyes
and the dead and so he could take their
souls
what about the doll that's in there
Annabelle she's in a case for a reason
[Music]
Anabelle mr. bacon father spirits
oh okay something is happening inside
your house and we're not really sure
what to do
can I speak to Annabelle I'm sorry you
need to give her a soul dear
Charlie Charlie
Claire Hamilton we have your boy get
them to the camp we're going on to the
lodge
[Music]
bringing money where's my son
you know boys alive for now do it do it
now
you were gonna kill her that was the
plan
where is my son
if she paid the ransom he'd be here by
now you took him from me now you're
gonna help me get him back
you're military you ever get used to
taking a man's life
under what I signed up Claire and Montes
you come here to kill us all
I can't remember time when I was driven
my rate
[Music]
I've lived in a world of death I've
watched people I've loved I some fast
was a boy
some not enough left to bury all these
years I've kept my secrets but the time
has come to face my past
[Music]
if it comes looking for me they will
welcome death
Oh
[Music]
I wanted to know
there is nothing they can do to stop it
[Music]
you